Features:
---------
  * High-level and low-level network and system diagnostics, statistics and
    control.
  * Lightweight. Low memory and CPU usage.
  * Loosely-coupled, allowing database, web application, daemon and collectors
    to all reside on different servers.
  * Written to use commodity hardware, programming languages, protocols and
    database systems.

Architectural Overview:
-----------------------
	The core of the FooNMS system is the database. This is what all the
other modules in the system plug into. To maximise compatibility, a MySQL
database is chosen.
	The user interface to the management system is a web application,
implemented in PHP. In later versions a command-line user interface may be
built, but this is not a priority.
	Collecting information from the machines in the network as it 
comes in is the responsibility of the daemon, which apart from a 
configuration file has no user interface. It collects items from SNMP 
and Syslog and other sources and commits them to the database.
	Collectors and Controllers are Python scripts that the user 
interfaces can control to either collect data or control a machine. They 
are invoked through the command line. Some of these scripts are slow 
(such as an snmpwalk), and the user interface tells the user to wait 
while these are in progress. A better solution is possible, but adds a 
lot of complexity. 

Developing:
-----------
We use git. You should too.
Our git branch model:
 - master contains the most up to date 'stable' config, with all major 
	releases tagged. All emergency bugfixes happen to this branch.
 - development is where most of the development happens. If a feature
	doesn't have it's own branch, then it's done in development and 
	merged into master later.
 - X branches are for specific features, which are merged into development
	when they are done. This is to ensure that one person's new grand
	feature doesn't break the site constantly for everybody else.

More details:
-------------
Website:	http://www.fooproject.com.au/products/foonms/
Support:	http://www.fooproject.com.au/support/
